>> Brian Holt: All right, so
I have this static asset project.
Yeah, looking good, open this in code.
All right, so this shouldn't have
been the longest Docker file,
but it is definitely a reapplication of
some of the things that you've learned.
So, I got a fresh copy of the,
what I have in the GitHub repo here.
And you can see here I got the Astro File,
let's just look at our dependencies here.
Tailwind, react, Astro, TypeScript.
Not that end really much of this matters.
You can imagine this being
arbitrarily long, right?
You could have as big an Astro
project as you wanna have.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so,
I'm gonna create a new file here.
Surprise, surprise,
we are going to call it Docker file, okay?
Let's grab a builder, so from node:20 as,
by the way,
you do not have to make this all caps.
I just do out of pure habit.
In fact, I see people all the time that
don't, I just wanted to disclaim that.
As node builder,
workdir/app copy..,
we want everything, we wanna run npm ci,
and then run npm run built.
No, build, thank you.
Say, so far, so good, right?
Copying everything across.
You might say, well, why don't you split
out your npm, your package part and your.
And the reason why I say that is you're
gonna run build at the end of this anyway,
which is probably the longer step anyway.
And also, I'm not really optimizing
here for the development experience.
So, you could totally separate these
steps out again, if you wanted to.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, from, I'm gonna say
nginx, let's just say Alpine for fun,
I think I have latest in my notes,
but either way works.
And then we're gonna say copy --from, and
we're gonna say -node builder,
and app/dist,
and that is the dangers of
relying on Copilot because
it would have been wrong
in that particular case.
You need to go from dist because that's
by default where Astro builds it.
Then we're gonna copy that
to usershare@nginxhtml.
That should be about it,
let's give her a build, see what happens.
So docker build -t, we'll call this,
I don't know, my-static app.
>> Brian Holt: See what happens
when we try and do that.
>> Brian Holt: Did I exclude the Docker?
No, so you probably would
wanna do a Docker ignore here.
I did not do that, which means I
copied my entire node modules across.
>> Brian Holt: But
let's see if that works.
Docker run-it-p,
this is by default runs on port 80.
So we're gonna map port
80 to port 8080 and
name call my-app cuz I'm uncreative
--rm --init and my-static-app.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
looks like we are up and running here.
Let's see if we go to localhost 8080,
I guess I can just refresh the page here.
Welcome to Astro.
>> Brian Holt: Pretty cool, right?
>> Brian Holt: Let's see, my-static-app
here, 49 Megs, so straight to jail, right?
That's what we said it had to be
under 40 Megs or you going to jail.
Whatever, who cares?
[LAUGH] Cool, how'd we do?
Were able to get it done?
I used to find nginx kind of
unapproachable especially
with how configuring it
can be a bit of a beast.
But it's cool that you're just able
to do this out of the box right away.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, if we had to do
a command, that might have been harder.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, yeah,
if you had to do a command,
it would be a lot harder because you'd
have to figure out where to run it from,
which configuration to use,
all those kind of things.
But the nice thing is they just
include all those defaults for you.
And what's also kind of interesting and
cool about this,
depending on how you're gonna end up
using nginx, I imagine most of you,
if you're in container land and
building your projects this way.
You're probably gonna end up in
Kubernetes at some point, right?
That's just kind of the logical
conclusion of that pipeline.
Not always true, but frequently true.
If you identify nginx as
the load balancer, and
we'll talk about that when
we get to Kubernetes.
What will actually end up happening is,
Azure or something like that,
will actually just say, cool,
this is a load balancer.
You can use nginx and it'll let you
do that, but you can also just say,
just let Azure's front door, I think it's
called Azure front door, handle it for me,
and then it'll handle all
of your ingressive traffic.
So you use nginx locally,
get all that stuff kind of done, and
then when you go out to
these mega deployments,
the cloud services will handle
a lot of that stuff for you.
Or Cloudflare could be
plugged in there as well.
So, also very cool.